DOC-714 - update autopilot overview screen (#7704)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/guides/autopilot/04-tests-results.md

> Autopilot updates and visually tests a copy of your site on a [Multidev](/guides/multidev) so it can detect issues before it tries to apply updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Autopilot updates and visually tests a copy of your site on a [Multidev](/guides/multidev) so it can detect issues before it applies updates to your Dev, Test or Live environment.
```
